gh-96168: Improve sqlite3 dict_factory example (#96457)
python/cpython: Doc/library/sqlite3.rst

      Example:

      .. doctest::

         >>> def dict_factory(cursor, row):

>          ...     return {col[0]: row[i] for i, col in enumerate(cursor.description)}

Reviewer: How does `col` look like?  What about `cursor.description`?  Maybe add a comment before the return to explain its content and/or why we use `col[0]`?

Also wouldn't something like this be better/clearer:
```suggestion
         ...     col_names = [col[0] for col in cursor.description]
         ...     return {col_name: value for col_name, value in zip(col_names, row)}
```
This will also allow you to do something like `[name for (name, type, ...) in cursor.description]` instead of having to explain the content/structure of cursor.description.

Author: Yeah, that's even better. Thanks!

Author: ```suggestion
         ...     col_names = [col[0] for col in cursor.description]
         ...     return {key: value for key, value in zip(col_names, row)}
```

         >>> con = sqlite3.connect(":memory:")
         >>> con.row_factory = dict_factory
         >>> for row in con.execute("SELECT 1 as a, 2 as b"):

>          ...     print(row)

Reviewer: Why using a `for` if there's only one row?

Author: Because I want to promote the cursor iterator wherever possible :)

Author: IOW, I'd like to keep it that way, unless you find it very confusing. Alternatively, we could set up a test table with multiple columns and query that, but that will expand the example and possibly be distracting, as we want to focus on the row factory here.

Reviewer: Fair enough.

      Example:

      .. doctest::

         >>> def dict_factory(cursor, row):
         ...     col_names = [col[0] for col in cursor.description]
         ...     return {key: value for key, value in zip(col_names, row)}
         >>> con = sqlite3.connect(":memory:")
         >>> con.row_factory = dict_factory

>          >>> for row in con.execute("SELECT 1 as a, 2 as b"):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
         >>> for row in con.execute("SELECT 1 AS a, 2 AS b"):
```

Minor nit, but per the style guide above and the original example, should `AS` be a capitalized keyword?

Author: Yeah, thanks for catching!

         ...     print(row)

>          {'a': 1, 'b': 2}

Reviewer 2: Should the connection be explicitly closed afterward, as in the other examples and in the original one here?

Author: For this example, I don't think it matters much. But I'm thinking about turning all the row factory examples into a how-to, and for such a how-to, it makes sense to use a more complete example (create a database, fill it with data, extract data using various row factories, and at last close the connection).
